meanwhile over in the male's enclosure a
cop spectacle for visitors the dancing
bears
[Music]
tough work and perhaps for some of us
uncomfortable viewing but there's a
serious purpose behind it
[Music]
these males whose lives are more
sedentary than those in the wild have a
daily sexercise to strengthen the leg
muscles in preparation for the rigors of
mating
[Music]
in the wild they'll mate with as many
females as they can but the conditions
in captivity simply turn them off food
there is something they always find
interesting
[Music]
mating is all they're required to do
here at the research base but most
captive males have never succeeded in
showering young in trying to persuade
them to do so the scientists have tried
some imaginative solutions from panda
porn to viagra